Document sub-feature privileges (#62335)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/security/authorization/kibana-privileges.asciidoc

`all`:: Grants full read-write access.
`read`:: Grants read-only access.

===== Sub-feature privileges

> Some features allow for fine-grained access control beyond the `all` and `read` privileges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some features allow for finer access control than the `all` and `read` privileges.
```

> This additional level of control is available with a gold license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This additional level of control is available in the Gold subscription level and higher.
```
